As far as I know, psychological cities are not required to have any specific
representation at all. So they don't have to represent equally
by gender. They don't have Thio represent equally by ethnicity. Um,
or anything like that. Um And one of the reasons for that is that,
you know, depending on the question that you're asking you, you may
not want Thio sample. You know, a very diverse population. You may
want to be sampling a very targeted population. Um, I do know, however,
that there are movements within psychology. Uh, for certain studies,
Thio increase the diversity of their sample populations or their
their sample the groups that they're gathering data from so and and
this isn't just on ethnicity within ethnicity categories, but it's
also within, for instance, gender categories. So So for me, one of
you know I'm in neuroscience and I study, you know, kind of more biological
functions, and I do a lot of my experimental work in with animal
models, and the standard for forever has been to study psychological
phenomenon in white male rats. And so a big part of the movement
in my field is thio start including females in the kind of like early
experimental data process or research process, Um, and so that
may be reflective of other areas of psychology where there's kind of
more attention being paid to the diversity of the subjects from which
data is being gathered. But as far as I know, there are no hard and
fast requirements.